Don't you think it's unnecessary to record how night duty is served?
I mean, you'll spend two more days here.
I want to call it a day too,
but my boss wants me to record everything that happens here.
I must follow his orders. I have no choice.
- Oh, Ms. Son. - Yes, sir.
Who's doing the night duty today?
It was supposed to be Mr. Lee, but he swapped it with Mr. Jung.
Why did he swap it with that novice...
out of everyone?
Well, can you cover it?
I have plans.
Then what about Ms. Shin?
She said she also has plans tonight.
Just trust him and let him do it.
Mr. Jung has been making a lot of effort, you know.
I know that he makes effort,
but he delivers no results after making all the effort day and night.
Sorry? She'll film me on night duty today?
Well, that's... No, she can't. I mean...
Okay. Got it. Bye.
Gosh, I'm in trouble.
Is someone coming?
We're done with the investigations for today.
She'll come here to film me on night duty today!
Ms. Moon, please hide these documents in Mr. Lee's office.
- Why? - I'd look like I have...
too many unsolved cases, which will make me look incompetent.
Don't make such a fuss. Just be your usual self.
Then I'd disgrace the entire prosecution.
At least he knows.
Gosh, I've never even washed this. I'm so doomed.
Mr. Choi, the smell can't be captured on camera, right?
Thank you for letting me record your dynamic day at work,
Prosecutor Jung.
- Gosh. - Then...
I guess we'll be on TV too.
Gosh, good grief.
Why did you meet Mr. Park Dae Young?
I already told you.
The person who lost the phone asked me to find it,
so I met him on his behalf.
Strictly speaking, I'm the victim here.
Then what was the 10,000 dollars about?
I guess the cell phone was worth that much money.
It probably had things that conjure up precious memories.
Then why did you dump such a precious phone into the river?
It's not even yours.
I didn't dump it.
I told you that it slipped out of my hand.
There must be something in that phone, don't you think?
Yes, I don't believe him. There's something very fishy about all this.
What would it be?
We can't even find the phone as he dumped it in the river.
Gosh, it's really frustrating.
Mr. Park, you're okay with a video chat with the prosecutor, right?
No, I'd like to speak with him face-to-face.
I'd really like to meet him in person.
Well... Sir, aren't you leaving for the day?
Oh, don't mind me. Just think that I'm not here...
and do your work.
Relax. Don't mind me at all.
- Okay. - I'll leave you guys alone.
- Do a good job. - Okay, I got this.
What are the main tasks to take care of when you're on night duty?
We mainly process tasks related to apprehending suspects...
such as reviewing the police's arrest warrant applications.
Excuse me for a second.
Hello? This is Jung Jae Chan in Criminal Division Three.
Sure, now?
Oh, my.
Good grief.
Is someone coming?
Yes, come up. Okay.
Oh, what's the prosecutor's name?
I hope he's merciful and understanding.
- Goodness. - What?
There he is.
He's suspected of habitual cell phone theft.
The police has applied for an arrest warrant...
because he might try to run away or destroy evidence.
That man... Who is he?
We usually interview suspects via phone or video calling,
but he wanted to talk face-to-face, so he's on his way here now.
You'll interview him here...
before you decide whether you'll request the warrant or not, right?
- That's correct. - Mr. Jung.
- Thank you. - This way.
All right. Please have a seat here.
I heard that you really wanted to meet me in person.
Yes.
(Arrest Warrant for Park Dae Young Theft Case)
You and our assistant chief prosecutor have the same name.
He's Park Dae Young.
That's right. He's the jerk that disgraced my name.
Well... You may not believe me,
but I used to be a civil servant like you.
But one day, My brother got himself in trouble,
and I lost all of my money while trying to help him out.
My wife left me too.
I have a daughter, but she got into a car accident when she was nine...
and ended up with a back injury.
She can't even drink water without my help.
Then is she home alone now?
Goodness, I can't believe he's falling for that lie.
There are no jobs in this country that I could keep...
while taking care of my sick daughter.
That's why I stole phones.
I'm well aware of the fact that I don't deserve forgiveness.
I'll cooperate with the investigation and go on trial...
with a conscientious attitude. So, please...
Please don't...
arrest me, Mr. Prosecutor.
My daughter, Joo Kyung...
She might die if I'm not around.
She must be folding origami cranes at the moment,
waiting for me to come home with sweet pancakes.
She thinks that if she folds 10,000 of them...
She believes that she'll be able to walk if she folds 10,000 of them,
doesn't she?
For goodness' sake.
It's been almost a decade, yet your story hasn't changed at all.
He's lying, so don't let him fool you. Just request the warrant.
Sir, do you know this man?
I know him very well.
This jerk. Even a decade ago...
Sir, please. The camera is on.
Ms. Nam. Please edit it out.
This man here committed the same type of theft 10 years ago,
and I requested an arrest warrant for him.
Just go ahead, and request it.
Is your daughter really alone now?
Yes.
She's alone.
Mr. Jung.
Why are you being like this? Don't be such an amateur.
Can't you tell that he's lying?
He said that his daughter is 9 even 10 years ago.
Does she not age or what? Does she defy time?
I'm not saying I'll just let him go.
I just want to go to his place and check whether it's true or not.
Gosh, five minutes is all you need to process something like this.
Why are you turning it into a two-hour thing?
What you're doing now is like what a quack would do.
You're like a foolish doctor who spends hours trying to put...
a bandage on a patient with a scratch on his knee...
when traffic accident victims are dying in the emergency room.
You always fall for the suspects' obvious lies,
and you waste time. That's why you have so many unsolved cases.
No more excuses. Request a warrant immediately!
For goodness' sake.
(Video Recording and Observation Room)
Are you okay?
I'm fine.
Mr. Jung doesn't get scolded like this every day.
How should I put this?
A situation like this is very rare, so please don't be too disappointed.
Mr. Choi.
Yes?
Do you think he deserves that much scolding...
just because he was fooled by someone?
I mean, believing someone isn't really a bad thing.
That little bit of running got me hungry already.
Shall we order fried chicken?
Kyung Han.
You know, don't you?
- Know what? - The fact that I...
can't really differentiate colors.
Yes, I know.
Why aren't you saying anything?
It can be a reason for dismissal.
Did you lie when you joined the force?
No, there was an error with the test.
Then it's fine.
You're already in the force, so don't worry about it.
Nothing will happen if I keep my lips sealed.
But still...
Who caught the guy who tried to run away earlier today?
Was it me or you?
You'll find it hard to believe, but the issue with your eyes...
is nothing compared to this in terms of deserving dismissal.
I'm way too slow to work as a police officer.
I need to do something about it. Let's not eat fried chicken today.
Let's go in.
(Police)
(Eun Ji's Honey Pancakes)
- Hello. - Yes, hello.
I'd like two dollars' worth of pancakes.
Sure, no problem.
Hello?
Kiddo, are you inside?
Who are you?
Hello. Do you know the man who lives here?
The man who lives in that tiny room? I know him, of course.
I give him kimchi all the time.
Then do you know his daughter too?
His daughter?
You must've come to the wrong address.
He lives alone.
Gosh, he sounded so sincere. How bizarre.
What is wrong with that man? Why did he lie to my face?
Darn it. What am I going to say to Mr. Park now?
What? How did you know that I'd be here?
You must've dreamt about me again.
No, I don't even need to dream anymore.
I can read you like a book now.
I had a feeling that you'd be here.
Do you want a bite?
- It's so sweet. - No, I have no appetite.
He doesn't have a daughter, right?
That man lied to you, didn't he?
Yes.
I must've looked so pathetic today.
I let a suspect fool me and got scolded by Mr. Park.
Edit me out of what you recorded today.
I don't want to disgrace the entire division.
I asked the lady who sells these pancakes over there.
That man had a daughter...
10 year ago.
A nine-year-old girl who got a back injury from a car accident.
He couldn't look after his daughter with his job as a mailman.
I think that's why he quit his job and started stealing cell phones.
Then he got arrested.
His daughter was left home alone and eventually got rescued,
but she died while he was in jail.
He's been alone since then.
If he met...
a prosecutor like you instead of Mr. Park 10 years ago,
his daughter might be alive now.
And don't worry about this.
I'll be sure to edit you out and let no one else see it.
If this whole thing gets broadcast,
every woman in the world will fall head over heels for you.
I absolutely can't let that happen.
My gosh, it is really sweet.
Give me one.
What? Okay.
Here.
- You're wearing the ring. - What?
You just saw it now?
What is wrong with your eyes?
Thanks.
[VIU Ver] E26 While You Were Sleeping
"We're on Our Way to Meet You Now"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Even if it's a 2.5-dollar can of beer,
you'll get arrested if it's a repeat offense.
You'll have to be ready for a short stretch behind bars.
- That's considered theft too? - It's the same thing.
Yes. Of course it is.
Mr. Park Dae Young.
Gosh, Mr. Prosecutor.
Sir, what's going to happen to me now?
Will I be able to get out of here and be with my daughter?
No, I've already put in a request for your arrest warrant.
Your pre-arrest interview will take place today.
I'm doomed.
I was hoping you'd help me.
What was I thinking?
I visited your place last night.
My place?
Your daughter wasn't there.
Is that why you requested the warrant?
Because you were offended that I lied to you?
I heard about what happened to your daughter 10 years ago.
They should've tried to help you when you got arrested back then,
but they didn't.
I know that it'll be meaningless to apologize to you on behalf of them,
but I still would like to apologize to you.
Wait, Mr. Prosecutor!
I've used my daughter as an excuse and cried...
six times in total just to avoid getting arrested,
but you're the only prosecutor who visited my place.
I'd like to give you something...
to show you my gratitude.
What is that?
What is this?
I don't know what it is,
but there must be something very important inside.
Like what?
How would I know?
It's your job to find out what it is.
Are you saying these are from the 10,000-dollar cell phone?
Yes. The owner was willing to spend 10,000 dollars to get it back.
It must contain information that's worth even more.
He gets fooled over and over.
It happens on a daily basis. It's like every day is April Fool's Day.
You never know.
If there is something, I can start investigating it immediately, right?
Just recognizing a case doesn't mean you can start investigating it.
The procedure is very complicated.
Don't create more work for yourself.
Let's just work on the cases that we already have.
Gosh, what could it be? All I see is photos of dogs and food.
What kind of information could this have?
Wouldn't it be a company's secret information?
From corporate espionage, you know.
Hey, you can't record this. Stop it.
You're not even investigating it.
- You can't. - Let me see it.
You can't record it. You really can't.
Hey, film Ms. Moon instead.
Ms. Moon looks stunning today.
Aren't you here to interview Ms. Shin?
What are you doing in our office?
Take a close-up shot.
- Zoom in. More. - I don't want to be in it.
Ms. Moon, you're still in the frame.
What is it, Mr. Choi?
They're photos of patients.
Is the owner of the phone a doctor?
Why? Is there someone you know?
They're victims.
Victims? Of what?
The intravenous drip serial murder case.
Sorry?
Pardon?
Hey, don't worry.
I threw the phone into the river. How are they going to find it?
You don't need to worry about the police.
I told them that I don't know you at all.
Yes, it'll be fine.
Well, why does this thing have photos of the victims?
Is that from Myung Yi Suk's cell phone?
That can't be. He got locked up in jail over a year ago.
How many patients are there in total?
There are 19 in total.
Were there 19 victims in the serial murder case?
No, there were only 11.
Then... Who are the eight people?
I'm getting scared.
The eight people must be alive, right?
What does this mean?
Did Myung Yi Suk have an accomplice?
Or is the real killer someone else?
We should meet the owner of the phone first.
Don't worry. Why would they try to find me?
I'm telling you. They have no reason to do so.
I've done nothing wrong. Why would they...
What? I didn't know you were here.
Look, why did you go through what's in a stolen phone?
Work on your unsolved cases if you have time to do such useless things.
It's not useless.
That guy offered 10,000 dollars just to get the phone back,
and it contains pictures of serial murder victims.
It looks like one person took all the photos before they died.
That person might be an accomplice or the real killer.
That habitual theft offender gave it to you, didn't he?
I told you that he lies habitually too.
Even 10 years ago...
His daughter actually died 10 years ago.
I verified it.
He said that his daughter is ill,
but a prosecutor assumed that it was a lie and didn't even check.
He sincerely begged, but they didn't let him go.
That's how it happened.
I don't want to become a prosecutor like that.
It could've been fabricated.
If the prosecutor and the forensic unit conspire...
and make up a few documents saying that Yoo Su Kyung's blood was found,
getting him acquitted will be a piece of cake.
Is such fabrication even possible?
Prosecutors have the power and means to do it.
Mr. Choi.
What brings you here? I wasn't expecting you.
About the Myung Yi Suk case...
Did you fabricate the evidence?
- Pardon me? - Did you fabricate it?
Answer me!
You were with me that day.
Du Hyun.
What? You called me. What do you want?
It really suits you.
Oh, aren't you close with Detective Ko at Hangang Police Station?
Yes, I am. Why?
You remember the guy who was caught...
with the cell phone thief, right?
The police thought that he was a stolen phone dealer.
Honey, I'll be good to you from now on.
Can you get his address for me?
Well, that won't be too hard, but...
Honey, I love you.
There's something I'd like to check.
You want to check something? What is it about?
I want to show him that he wasn't fooled.
Where are you going?
We have our team dinner today.
I can't join you guys today. I need to do some research.
Why are you doing research after your work hours?
Because Mr. Park is not letting me investigate it as a case.
All I can do is dig into it after my work hours.
I'm off to do some digging.
Is this the right place?
I guess he lives in this container home.
- Jae Chan. - Hong Joo.
What are you doing here?
I'm here to find the owner of the phone.
- You too? - Yes.
I don't think it'll be easy to find him.
Why?
The person who knows his whereabouts is already dead.
It's locked.
What is that?
Gasoline.
It'll be okay.
Has something like that ever happened to you?
Feeling like you came back to life after a near-death experience.
I've felt that too.
Seriously? When?
It was when I was very young.
I fell into deep water.
I... I don't resent you.
I'm glad...
that you're alive.
I was incredibly grateful to you because of that very feeling.
I thought, "I could've really died."
"I want to make sure I can repay him for saving my life."
That thought must be...
what started those dreams.
The dreams where I can foresee the future of the one who saved my life.
Are you okay?
Mr. Jung.
Ms. Nam.
Can you hear me?
Can you recognize me?
Mr. Choi.
Thank goodness. What a relief.
I'm truly relieved.
I'm so glad you're alive.
Chief, we'll question him.
Why can't you answer my question?
I manipulated my report cards.
Yu Beom said he'd be able to raise his rate if we did that.
We split it in half.
Gosh, you punk. Why did you lie about your grades?
Your dad has been going on about how much your grades have improved.
(Choi Dam Dong)